If an article has an image we can upload a new one and the previous one is deleted.
What if we want to remove the image altogether though.
So the article doesn't have an image at all.
We can't just submit an empty farm as the validation stops us from doing that.
Instead let's add an option to delete the article image.
Let's start by making a copy of the edit article image file in the admin folder and we'll call it delete
article image.
In this new file we want to keep the cold at the top that gets the article based on the idae And then
once the farm is submitted we don't need any of this code for validating and uploading a file so will
select all this code down to the move uploaded file Karl and delete it including the exception handling
code underneath.
We're left with the code that sets the attribute of the article object deletes the file itself and then
redirects back to the edit page.
Let's change the set image file Karl to pass null as the file name.
Then in the h t l.
Let's change the title.
Then change the form.
To a farm that simply submits to itself using the post method containing an Are you sure message and
including a cancel link to go back to the previous page.
This is the same thing we doing on the delete article page.
As are now passing noell into this method to set the image file name in the article object we need to
take account of that in the method in the article class here.
If the file name is null we need to bind it with a different P.D.A parameter type.
We can do this with a ternary operator inside the bind value method call.
If the file name argument is null then this parameter will be used.
Otherwise it'll use this one.
One more thing we need to do is add a link to this new delete page on the edit page.
You'll do it inside this block so the link is only shown if there is an image.
Let's give that a try.
Here's an article with an image and here's the delete link.
If I click it and then click the delete button the image is deleted and the link to the new delete page
is no longer shown.
In the edit article image page there's quite a lot of code in here.
Once the farm is submitted including a VAR dump line that we've left in here that we no longer need.
If you are uploading files in different scripts though then it's probably worth extracting all this
out into properties and methods of a class.
One more thing we need to do is move this error message into the asml.
So instead of echoing out its value here will assign it to a variable.
Then in the astm l..
If the variable is set we'll display its value.
So now if there is an error when uploading a file the error message is shown in the correct place inside
the AITs to your email.